Cliff and Miller have decided to meet at a coffee shop.

"So, what are you interested in?" Cliff asks. 

Miller responds, "Um, I guess reading. I'm currently majoring in computer science. Hoping to get a good job in the industry."

"Oh. I wouldn't know too much about that. I'm currently trying to become a professional swimmer." 

"Is that why you're so..." Miller gestures at Cliff. 

"Yes, I have to practice a lot. I meet every week with my swim club. You're more than welcome to tag along!"

"Oh." Miller heart beats ever so slightly faster. This would mean he would get to see... more of Cliff? 
"I think I would be interested."

"After you come to swim practice and try swimming with us, maybe you could try to tell me about what your projects you're working on?
It's always good to learn new things you're interested in." 

"Really, you'd be interested in development? Sure, I'll invite you over sometime. Just so you know, it's kind of technical." 

"Well, how are we supposed to learn anything if we don't try?" Cliff beams with a smile. 

"I guess you're right. I'll try swimming and you'll come home with me and see what I work with." Miller smirks.

"In two days, my swim meet is at 5. Get your swim wear ready, and all the other stuff you need to swim. It goes 
for two hours so I'll have enough time to come over to your place."

"Ok. I'm ready for that." 

Miller is still nervous. Swimming with Cliff... getting to see more of him? And him coming to my house? I will have to get ready!


2 days later...

In the afternoon, Miller gets ready for the swim meet. He packs up his swimming trunks and towel, and starts to ride out on his bike
to the local pool.

Miller arrives a bit late and passed by Cliff and the rest of the team doing laps in the pool. He waves and rushes to the locker room.
He changes into his swimming trunks and looks into the mirror. He frowns slightly while looking at himself. He scans down from his bright red
hair tied up in a bun, down to his pale white face, down to his chest. He has almost no muscle, and is slender as a twig, to the point where his ribs are visible. 
While he is tall, he still doesn't feel that great about his looks. He feels weak, and wishes he could be stronger, but all he does is sit 
around working on college work, playing games, and programming.

He walks out and sits next to the pool. He watches the team take laps but he notices something about them: 
They are all wearing speedos. Of course! Why didn't he think of that!  If they are doing professional swimming and want to go fast,
they would be wearing speedos. Miller turns bright red. He didn't think he'd see THAT much of Cliff! He isn't ready yet!
It's too late though. He had to swim with them, be together around Cliff while he's almost naked!

Cliff swims up to him and puts his arms up on the edge of the pool. 

"C'mon, get in the water Miller!" It's much easier to see Cliff's muscles without any clothes covering them. He is very toned, 
with wide shoulders and fairly thin hips. He's almost fully shaved, except for the hair on his head. It's clear that Cliff has 
been training and swimming for a long time. 

Miller offers a quick nervous smile and climbs down into the pool. It's freezing cold, but it numbs out after a while. Miller
starts to follow the swimmers, trying his best to swim, but isn't nearly as fast as anyone in the team. Cliff stops swimming
to come over to Miller. "Here, you're doing it wrong. You're supposed to do it like this." Cliff demostrates the correct stroke
to Miller. Miller follows, being slightly faster, but still being nowhere near as fast as Cliff. Cliff, who is watching him, smiles to
Miller and says "That's pretty good for someone who doesn't swim that often!" This makes Miller go ever slightly faster, knowing that
he impressed Cliff.

After the team finishes swimming, they all sit on the edge of the pool. One of the teammates says "Hey, I'm surprised this is the first 
guy you brought. All the other girls you bring just come for how you look." Miller blushes and looks down. Well, I'm basically here
just for that reason. Have I been using him? Cliff laughs and says "I've moved past those people. I think this guy will be a great
friend." Miller is still lost in his thoughts. Friend? I guess I misjudged him. He isn't gay. Still, I should be friends with him.
He doesn't seem to have any outside of me and his team, and I think it would be good for him. "Yeah, I'll be great friends with
you, Cliff." Miller offers a weak smile. 

After getting out of the locker room, Cliff and Miller make their way to Miller's apartment. It's a fairly small apartment and Miller
is somehow able to afford it on his own. It's a bit cluttered but not dangerously so. Miller lays down his backpack on his bed, and pulls a chair over to his computer.
He sits down in the desk chair while Cliff sits in the chair Miller just dragged over. He turns it on and waits as it displays a splash screen: 

> Choose your OS
>
> Fedora GNU/Linux
> Windows
>
> Booting into Linux in 5 seconds...

As Fedora boots up, text flies across the screen. 

Cliff says "This is quite the setup you got here." He gestures down to his computer, which is running fairly recent hardware.

"I really care about my computers. It's basically all I do." 

"You must really like this stuff if you have that good of a computer." 

"Oh, it's mostly for games. I don't actually need that good of a computer to program."

"Oh, that's cool. I see you've... heavily modified your computer?"

Miller blushes. "Yes, I installed linux on it. I prefer running Open Source stuff."

"That's cool, but a little too much for me." 

"It's sometimes hard getting work done on linux, but using it makes me happy."

Cliff smiles. "That's all that matters, isn't it?"

Miller smiles back. He logs into his desktop and opens up a game engine with a simple prototype. 
It's just a simple game, but it seems to be somewhat put together. 

Cliff smiles. "That's cool, it's cool to see something up and running. You probably put a lot of work into that."

Miller blushes. "Thank you, but it wasn't that hard..."

Cliff chuckles. "You don't have to be so humble. It's much more than I could do." 

Miller looks Cliff straight in the eye. He sees the kindness etched into Cliff's soul, and knows that even if the romance doesn't work out,
that this is still someone he can trust. Miller can't help but blush. "Thank you, it means a lot to me. Would you like to stay a bit longer
and play some games?"

Cliff gives a big grin. "I would like nothing more."

Miller pulls out his copy of Mario Kart 8, and puts it in his Switch. He hands a controller to Cliff and sits down on his bed.
They play for a while, and Miller wins all of the races.

Cliff turns to ask "How did you get so good at these games?"

Miller looks down and says "Well, it's all I've really done. I don't get out much." 

Cliff frowns slightly. "Well, I think I can help change that. Do you want to come to the gym with me tommorow? 
I workout every week to stay in shape for swimming." 

Miller looks up, surprised. "Sure, I'd love to. Maybe we could make it a regular thing. I've been wanting to get stronger for a while."

Cliff pats Millers back. "Remember, I'll be here for you." He smiles softly. 

Cliff leaves and heads home. Tommorow is another day.

--- 

After college, Miller heads over to the gym. He meets up with Cliff, and they head to the locker room together. After Cliff gets his change of 
clothes out, he starts undressing immediately. Miller turns bright red.

"Wh- What are you doing?!? Are you just going to change in front of everyone?"

"It's fine, you're the only one here right now. Go on, get changed."

Miller is still bright red. His heart is racing at a mile a minute. He has seen Cliff almost naked already, but he is already just going to
get naked in front of him? What is he on?

"This is going too fast!"

"What is going too fast?" Cliff shoots a look at Miller, with a raised eyebrow. Miller gets even more flustered. He did not just say that.
What does he mean by that? 

"Um. Uh..." Miller can't really think of a response. 

Cliff smirks and winks at Miller. "It's fine, I can change in the shower." Cliff has never seen a man act this way around him. But he has 
seen some women act this way around him. Was Miller...? He wasn't sure how to feel about this. A part of him welcomes it. Maybe finally someone
that he can be interested in while still being close friends with. On the other hand, what would his family think? His swim crew? Cliff hadn't
really ever noticed this part of him before. He never knew that he COULD like men. He thought he only liked women. Realizing that there was a man
right here that loved him, he thought what was the worst that could happen? He decided to play along for now, and offer later. 

Cliff gets up and walks over to the shower to get changed. Miller sighs. That was uncool. I hope Cliff is still ok with me. I may as well just get changed 
now. Miller starts to undress and gets changed.

In the gym, Cliff shows Miller the machines that he works out on. Miller tries his best, and Cliff encourages him and offers warm smiles. 

Miller is tired after working out. Cliff and Miller go back to the locker room, and Cliff starts off strong.

"I saw how you were looking at me."

Miller jumps in his skin. What? Why would he say that? "What do you mean?"

"I see how you act around me. The only other people that have acted that way around me are women."

"What are you saying?"

"I don't know the specifics, but you at the very least have a crush on me."

Miller is bright red. He feels sick to his stomach. "Oh... you noticed." 

"I don't know how I didn't notice sooner, to be honest." Cliff winks and smiles at Miller.

"Oh. Was it that obvious? I'm sorry." Miller frowns greatly.

"No, it's fine. When I figured it out, a lot ran through my mine. I noticed that you didn't immediately go for me as a love object. 
You were willing to stay friends. I haven't met anyone who puts friendship first. I guess they just like me for how I look. I'm 
sure that's how it started for you, but you spend more time with me than usual. We don't do lovey dovey stuff but you are still
perfectly happy being in my precence. Every other woman I've dated didn't really want anything to do with me after we broke up." 

"Where are you going with this?" Miller blushes slightly. "Why are you telling me all this? What's the point?"

Cliff smiles softly. "Well, realizing this made me think about myself. I guess I never explored it as a kid, as I first found women,
but I guess I have always been capable of liking men." 

Miller eyes widen in shock. 

Cliff sees the response and smirks. "What I'm trying to say, is that I'd be willing to try something with you. It's clear you want it,
and it's a good experiment for me. Besides, you aren't awful looking yourself." 

Miller is a vibrant red. "I... would love to! Thank you for noticing. I would have never asked myself..."

Cliff grabs Miller's chin and adjusts his head to look at him. "We'll try. We'll try our best. Now, we are boyfriend and boyfriend."

Miller almost cries. This is his dream come true. He stands up and hugs Cliff tightly. Cliff hugs just as tightly.

--- 

It's been a month or so. Miller and Cliff have been on a couple of dates but they haven't really done anything big. Simple things like dinner,
playing games, swim meet, and so on. Miller has regularly attended swim meet with Cliff, and Miller has been getting 
stronger with the regular gym visits. Cliff has learned more about technology and games when he comes over to Miller's apartment. 

One evening Miller has invited Cliff over to play games. Cliff arrives, walking in and placing his bag on Miller's bed. Cliff has also brought food for 
both of them. Miller gets his Switch ready to play Super Smash Bros. Ultimate. While Miller is getting his switch ready, Cliff comments "You're looking good today."

Miller blushes. "You're always looking good." 

Cliff laughs. "I've really liked the time we've spent together. I'm glad that I tried this out." 

"I would have never believed you were the kind of person willing to do this." Miller beams at Cliff. 

Cliff chuckles. "I would not have believed that about myself either."

Miller puts the game in his switch, and sits down on his bed. Cliff shifts over to hug Miller, and Miller hugs back.

This time, Miller loses some matches. Cliff excels and is good at adapting to things he isn't familiar with. Miller smiles and says "You've gotten much better than 
the first time."

Cliff says back "I could say the same about your strength. You can lift much more then you used to. You've also been swimming better."

Miller blushes slightly. "Thank you. I'm glad we are helping each other build strengths." 

Miller gets up to go set out the food that Cliff brought, but Cliff stops him. Cliff hugs Miller tightly, saying "I haven't really been this happy in a while." 
Miller blushes, and Cliff goes for a kiss. As their lips touch, their heads twist slightly. Miller becomes calm. He is also happy. They hold this kiss for a while.
They keep twisting and kissing, until Cliff finally pulls back and gives a big, tight hug. Miller in return gives a big tight hug. 

Miller sets out the food and they both start eating. Cliff asks Miller a question - "Have you been with anyone before?"

Miller responds: "No, you're my first." Miller warmly smiles. 

Cliff asks "Have you always known you were gay?"

"Yes, since I was around 13."

Cliff says "I wish I knew that about myself. I guess I never really explored it because there wasn't a point to it."

"What do you mean by 'There wasn't a point'?"

"I mean like, you're expected to like women as a guy, right? And I liked women. So I didn't really think much about it. I guess maybe liking men was 
always part of me, but you are the only one to make me see that."

"Are you saying I'm the only gay guy who has tried to get with you?" Miller smiles. 

"Maybe there were others, but you were the only one I noticed and cared about. It's more about having a friendship first. I don't like people just jumping
on me."

"I heard what your teammate said at the swim meet. I thought you were straight then." Miller frowns.

"And yet you stayed. Anyone else that had been with me would have probably not been with me after figuring out I wasn't into them."

"I mean, you don't really have that many friends, do you?"

Cliff is a bit shocked by this. "What makes you think that?"

"Your teammate. They said that no one ever comes to swim meet with you if they aren't interested."

"Oh, I guess you're right. But I still have my team."

"Do you ever meet outside of swim meet?"

"No."

Miller frowns. "That's kind of my point."

Cliff thinks, and says "I guess you're right. There is no one I regularly do stuff with."

He adds, "well, except for with you."

Miller smiles and says "Yes, it's been good for me as as well. I haven't gotten out much but you've gotten me out regularly."

"We keep helping each other. Which is good for both of us." Cliff gives a kind glance to Miller.

Miller and Cliff finish eating and Miller cleans up. Miller asks "Are you going to be staying here tonight?"

Cliff says "Yes, I think I will."

"Ok, let me get ready for bed." 

Miller goes into his bathroom and gets ready for bed. He unties his blue hair tie and lets his bright red hair fall to his shoulders. He gets a towel and rag and lays it out,
undresses, and gets into the shower. He feels the warm water run down him, calming him greatly. He feels his chest, noticing that his ribs are much less noticable
than before. He also sees that his muscles are somewhat more defined. He is happy that he is getting stronger. He has always wanted to be stronger and Cliff is helping him
realize it. Miller scrubs his full body, noticing the strength he has gained. Miller scrubs his hair with shampoo, and washing it out, with the water running away from his face. 
He does the same with conditioner, and finally gets out of the shower. He dries down with the towel and ties it around his waist. He looks in the mirror again, this time 
smiling. He's not as clean shaven as Cliff, as he has let a beard grow out. It's not super well defined but Miller has been keeping an eye on it. Cliff has also been ok 
with Miller's beard.

Miller exits the bathroom and heads over to his room. Miller gestures for Cliff to leave, and Cliff leaves to the bathroom. Miller gets dressed into his night clothes, while
Cliff is taking a shower. Miller sits down on his bed, ready to get to bed. He waits for Cliff to come back so he can wish him good night. 

Cliff comes back from his shower, but only in his underwear. Miller is flushed, and he asks "Wait, where are your night clothes?"

Cliff says "I don't really wear any at my place. I thought that you'd prefer the underwear." 

Miller is shocked. "Ok? I guess you can sleep with me."

As Miller and Cliff get into bed, Miller wraps his arm around Cliff. He can't really believe just how toned he is. Miller is happy to be with someone who appreciates him,
and Cliff is happy to finally have someone who will stay with him. 



