For a couple of months, Cliff and Miller have been regularly going out together. Cliff has been staying over at Miller's apartment more regularly.
Every week on Thursdays, Cliff brings Miller to his swim meet, and on Friday afternoons they go to the gym together. They also sometimes meet up at
Miller's apartment to play games and just talk. In the past few weeks, Cliff and Miller have been discussing moving in together. They both have
rather small apartments and could afford better if they split the bill. It would also mean they get to be close more often. 

After finishing the summer semester of college, they take the couple week break to finally move in together. They were able to afford a much nicer
apartment, with a nice living room, a single bedroom and a single bathroom. The rooms are bigger and they are able to fit more stuff in it - so
Cliff and Miller are able to live together without getting in each other's way. 

---

It's midterm week in college. Cliff and Miller are helping each other study for the midterm. They are both taking college level Calculus, 
and taking an advanced writing class. 

Miller is frowning at his advanced writing. "God, it feels like sometimes I just have no imagination."

Cliff looks at him with a slight frown. "Well, if you think like that then yeah. What are you writing?"

Miller thinks for a second. "Well, it's a narrative about something in my past. I guess that doesn't really require imagination."
He frowns, and continues. "I think it's just writing in general. If I don't really care about it, then it's hard for me to come
up with stuff about it. I tend to not look back into my past that often, even though I probably should."

Cliff smiles, and says "It's still important to know about yourself. You tell me a lot about yourself - what about that time
you told me you almost drowned at the beach? That kind of stuff makes amazing stories." 

Miller lights up. "Yes, that _would_ make a good story!" Miller begins typing on his laptop. 

Cliff continues to work on his Calculus work. After a while, he starts to ask Miller about one of the problems. Miller had already looked into 
Calculus before he got into college, so he was fairly easily able to provide help. Somehow, even though he learns most of his stuff from books
and the internet, he still has a firm enough grasp to explain ideas in a fairly understandable way. Cliff comments, "Wow, I didn't know you knew
that much already. Why are you taking this class then?"

Miller smiles. "I guess for the credit hours? There aren't that many classes required for my major, so I get to choose extras."

Cliff smirks. "I should have known. I'm mostly here for the swim team, but I have to keep a good GPA." Cliff's smirk transforms into a warm smile. 
"Well, you have also gotten better at swimming. It's surprising what going to the gym and swimming once a week can do, isn't it?"

Miller looks at Cliff, and thinks about himself. He's definitely gotten stronger - his muscles are more defined, he is able to do more. Hell, when
moving he was shocked at how easy it was to lift all his stuff. Before, carrying some of the things alone was a no-go. "Yeah, it's very surprising."

--- 

Later that day, Cliff was making dinner for the both of them. He was making steak with mashed potatoes. Miller walks in and says, "I love a man that
can cook!"

Cliff rolls his eyes. "You say that every time I cook."

Miller laughs, "Well, it's still surprising every time. Where did you learn to cook?"

"I'm surprised that YOU don't know how to cook. You lived on your own!"

"That doesn't answer my question."

"Well, I learned once I started living on my own. I thought it was necessary to be functioning, y'know?"

"I mean, I guess you're sort of right. You just underestimate how lazy I am. It was all ramen, baby!"

Cliff and Miller both laugh. Miller continues, "But yes, I ate ramen and not much else. That's why I was so thin, I didn't really eat enough.
I think you've really helped me become a better me."

Cliff takes the mashed potatoes and steak off of the stove, and serves it on plates. Miller sits down next to Cliff, and they eat. 

---

While Miller is getting ready for his shower, he looks in the mirror. His eyes go down from his red hair, to his face with a well defined, but well trimmed beard,
down to his chest again. He is much more defined then he was a couple months ago. His ribs are not visible anymore, and he has somewhat strong muscle on his arms.
He has poorly defined abs that are just starting to be visible. Miller smiles. He is who he has wanted to be now. A friend, and now lover, has helped him become 
a better version of himself.

After both Miller and Cliff get done with their showers, they lay down together on their bed. They wrap their arms around each other and kiss, pulling apart to go to sleep.

---

If you read this far pretend that there was a graphic depiction of gay sex so I can make NotBilly read it
