As Miller and Cliff wake up to their alarm, they have to rush to clean up to get to college on time. Cliff picks up the laundry they left on the floor last night, 
and rushes to put it in a laundry basket. Miller quickly makes the bed, and heads to the closet to grab some clothes, and the dresser to grab underwear and socks. 
He walks into the bathroom, slips on his underwear and socks, then puts his shorts and shirt on. He looks into the mirror, and ties his hair into a bun. He then does 
his morning hygiene routine - brushing teeth and skin care. Cliff briskly walks into the bathroom, carrying underwear, socks, and clothes. He quickly slips his underwear
and socks on and puts his shorts and shirt on. He joins Miller in his morning routine. Afterwards, Cliff cooks breakfast (scrambled eggs). Miller comments, "I still
can't believe how you make even basic food taste good." Cliff smiles, and continues eating. As they finish eating, Cliff cleans up and rushes to the door. He waits 
for Miller to reach the door to give him a quick kiss, and they both head out to their car and drive to the college. As they get out of the car, they give each a quick
kiss as they split up to their classes. 

--- 

Miller attends his Functional Programming class. While the professor is introducing the course and going over the fundementals, Miller is researching more complex topics,
like the IO monad. The IO monad is a functional way to abstract over changes being done to a system. It also easily allows for slotting in async and concurrent operations.
Using the IO monad can preserve referential transparency, letting you more easily reason with code, as you know anything NOT in the IO monad isn't running a random side 
effect. The classic example is that you can't launch nukes without being in the IO monad. You can emulate many features using just a monad - Haskell uses them to 
emulate exceptions, state, non-determinism, continuations, and coroutines. These do not need to be implemented in the language itself because monads can emulate
all of them.

Of course, the IO monad can come with some issues. Certain languages may not have clean support for sequential notation (like Scala `for` and Haskell `do`) and may require
using just the bind and pure functions. This may make working with them clunky, but this isn't very different from normal Java or C++ (afaik)

> authors note: I have tricked you into reading a description of the IO monad : )

There are also features like typeclasses. Typeclasses are actually very similar to mixins (or interfaces with default implementations), with the difference 
that dispatch is done statically. This means that at runtime no extra method checks are needed, as at compile time the specific function was already located and
made. Rust very strongly prefers static dispatch, and dynamic dispatch support can be somewhat questionable (with `dyn`, which is unsized and requires a lot of special
stuff). This exposes a weakness of typeclasses: it's very hard to have multiple things of the same typeclass inside a structure - the age old "List of things implementing
a typeclass" question doesn't have an intuitive answer. 

> I have also just tricked you into reading a description of typeclasses
> guys I promise functional programming is actually really good

---

Miller and Cliff head back to the car, as Cliff takes the wheel. 

They drive home, and get back into their apartment. Miller takes the time left of the day to play the new Pikmin game. He sits on the chair in their bedroom and plays,
while Cliff reads a fantasy book about psychics. 

As dinner time rolls around, Cliff gets up and starts to cook. He's cooking green beans with chicken. As always, Miller comes in from the smell alone. 

"I like a man that can cook!"

Cliff rolls his eyes. "You always say that." 

Miller sits down and waits for the food to be ready. He looks fondly at Cliff, watching him cook. His feelings have mellowed out since they first started dating
(he doesn't turn bright red at the hint of an inch of skin being revealed anymore) but he still feels a strong bond between them. 

Cliff takes the food off the stove and serves it. "Careful, the chicken is hot." He walks around the island, and leans down to hug Miller in his seat, and gives him a 
quick kiss. They then eat their food. 

As the evening rolls around, they both get ready for bed. Given last nights events, they now know everything about each other physically. It's not as awkward
being nude near each other, they've seen it before. They both enter the bathroom, and undress. Miller takes off his hairtie. Miller, just to be safe, asks, 
"Do you want to shower together?" Cliff replies "Yeah, I'm fine. My back probably needs a good cleaning anyway," with a smirk. They shower together, uneventfully. 
Maybe a stray kiss here or there, but it's been a long day. They were satisfied from yesterday, and just needed some rest. They both agreed that they preferred sleeping
with nothing, and yesterday wasn't a bad nights rest for them. They lay down, kiss one last time, before going to sleep.


