Cliff and Miller get ready for college, and they drive over. They kiss as they split up to walk to their classes.

On his way to his class, Miller notices a door open that hasn't been open before. Even more curious, the room inside appears to be pitch black.
No light from the hall makes it any further than a foot. Seeing this he can't help but begin to walk in, like it was forcing him to enter. He
pulls out his phone to turn on the flashlight. It only lights up a foot in front of him, and he stumbles around in the room. It's quite big, with
a lot of storage shelfs. Miller notices a light blue glow coming from the bottom shelf of a storage shelf. He bends down to take a closer look -
it's a golden necklace, with a sun centerpiece. He reaches out to grab it when a hand appears from the back of the storage shelf - it quickly grabs
Miller's hand. Miller yells and starts swearing, and bangs his head trying to get away from the hand. The hand has a blue light transfer from the shelf
into its elbow, up to its wrist and then into its palm. The blue light transfers to Miller's palm, and it runs up his arm, where it starts to fade at his
shoulder. The hand lets go and fades into dust. Miller sees the necklace as glowing even brighter than before - he grabs it and puts it in his pocket. He also
notices the room now has soft blue lighting now - it's still hard to see, but it's not as dangerous. He quickly makes his way out of the room, shuts
the door, and rushes to class.

---

As Miller gets home, he is still worked up over that hand grabbing him. He goes into his room to rest, and pulls out the necklace from his pocket. 
It's glowing a ghostly blue. Miller decides to try the necklace on, and when he does it dims immediately. The necklace stops glowing, and Miller feels 
warm. He sees a blue glow in the shadows of the room, illuminating any dark corners. As he focuses, the shadows start to fade and get replaced with a blue
light. The room gets brighter, turning the soft yellow light from the overhead into a cold blue glow. This distresses Miller - this doesn't make sense! 
He drops focus and the room returns to relative normal. He removes the necklace and leaves it on his bedstand - it remains a warm gold. 

As Miller walks out of the room, he starts pacing. Cliff walks up to him, asks, "Hey, what's going on?"

"You wouldn't believe me if I told you." 

Cliff frowns. "I'll be the judge of that. Tell me." 

Miller sighs. He explains what had happened at college.

Cliff is shocked. "I don't really know why you would make that up to me, so I guess I believe you.
But it's still rather far-fetched. Do you still have the necklace?"

Miller nods, and heads to their room to grab it. He picks up the necklace and carries it out. 

Cliff looks at the necklace. "It doesn't seem to be doing anything. Here, let me try." 

Cliff puts the necklace on. Nothing. Anything that was within it seems to be completely drained away.
Cliff scratches his head. "It doesn't seem to be doing anything." He takes the necklace and hands it
back over to Miller. "Maybe it's something to do with you?" 

Miller clips the necklace around his neck, and it stays dim. However, the room's shadows begin to give way to a light blue glow. Miller becomes aware of this 
and points to the shadows - Cliff also sees this. Cliff looks up into Miller's eyes, and takes the necklace off Miller's neck. This causes the shadows 
to start to reappear, but they still aren't fully dark again. Cliff says "I think you're doing this yourself now. How are you doing that?" 

Miller squints his eyes from pain, and starts to say "I don't really..." He trails off, and starts to pass out. Cliff has been holding Miller's hand this
whole, and feels the weight start to fall. He quickly catches Miller as he falls backward, and rushes him to the bed. The shadows in the living room have
returned to normal, but Miller seems to be unconscious. Cliff doesn't want to invole an ambulance because he isn't sure if this is truly medically related -
he saw what Miller did and wants the best for him. 

As the hours of the afternoon turn into the hours of the evening, Miller starts to wake up. As Cliff has been checking on him, Cliff walks in and sees 
eyes starting to open. He rushes over to the side of the bed and holds Miller's hand. He kneels down and starts to gently shake Miller. "Hey, are you OK?"
Miller's eyes start to flutter open, and then they open wide. "You saw that, right?"

"Yes, I did. But what matters now is that you passed out. It's been a couple hours." 

Miller looks at his hand. "Where's the necklace?" 

Cliff replies "It was getting out of hand, so I took it off."

Miller snaps back - "Why would you take it off? What if it's important?" 

Cliff frowns at this - Miller isn't usually this uptight. "Fine, here's it back." 

Miller quickly takes the necklace and puts it back on. The room doesn't transform anymore, but Miller immediately gets up and is healthy, for being passed out
for a couple hours. Cliff makes dinner and sets it out and they both eat. Before Miller and Cliff start to shower, Cliff says "I want you to show me that 
room. There could be more in there." Miller nods, and they shower and go to bed.

---

As Miller and Cliff wake up and get ready for class, Cliff reminds Miller to meet after class.

After class, Miller and Cliff meet in the lobby. Miller leads Cliff over to the door, and begins to turn the knob. His necklace starts to glow as he turns the
knob, and dims when he fully opens the door. The room is covered in a bright blue glow - much more is visible than was before. "Well, that's not how it 
was before..." Miller says. 

"I'd still like to see what's in here. There could be more weird stuff in here." Cliff holds Miller's hand and guides them through the shelfs. Cliff notices
a green glow coming from a shelf. He looks up and sees a necklace, with gray chains, and a moon centerpiece, that is glowing bright green. As he puts it in his 
pocket, the room starts to turn turquoise blue. Cliff frowns, as he says "I don't think there is anything else in here." 

Miller looks down at him. "What do you mean?"

Cliff thinks for a moment and says "I don't really know. I can just feel it."

Miller shakes his head. "No, there is still more in here."

Cliff frowns. "Ok, lead the way then."

Miller grips Cliff's hand tighter and starts walking. He walks as if on a mission, taking specific turns. He stops at a shelf, and bends down
to see a dusty book. Miller takes the book and puts it in his bag.

Cliff frowns as he turns to Miller. "I don't really like that we both have necklaces that we don't know what they do."

Miller smiles as he speaks; "I think I know what they do. This book probably explains a lot." Miller pulls out the book and opens it.
He begins to read and explains as he is reading. "These necklaces have energy in them that we can harness. When one first puts it on, 
one gets all the energy in them, so even if one were to take them off, you'd still have the energy -"

Cliff interrupts - "But yesterday you passed out when I took it off while you were using it."

Miller shoots Cliff a glare. "As I was saying, you'd still have the energy, but the necklace still helps one channel the energy. Thus, 
using energy without a necklace is much more straining. To the point where it can make someone pass out, I guess."

Cliff frowns. "Well, if you are doing it I want to be there with you." Cliff takes the moon necklace out of his pocket, 
and slips it around his neck. The green glow on the necklace dissipates. Miller smiles to Cliff and Cliff can sense every word that Miller wants to say.
"You didn't have to do that, but thank you. I think that's everything. Let's leave." Wordlessly, Cliff nods, and they both walk out of the room and to their
car. 

--- 

As they get home, Cliff start to freak out. Miller can sense what Cliff is feeling. "What the hell was that? What is going on?" Miller smiles. Miller senses 
Cliff again; "Why are YOU not freaking out right now?" Miller shakes his head, and they start to sense each other, coming into a mental conversation. 

"It's giving me a sense of calm." 

Cliff's mind flares. "What? How is this calming to you?" 

Miller is unaffected by this flare. "I don't know, I just feel like I've learned something. Even if it breaks everything I know."

Cliff mind smoulders. "Fine. It's still weird though. We are doing this without talking at all." 

Miller's mind exudes a warmth. "I'm sure there is more weird to come. For now, let's keep it a secret between us."

Cliff's mind matches the warmth. "You don't have to tell me twice."

Miller walks into his room and sits down in his desk chair. He looks at his desk, and starts to turn his computer on. However, before 
he has a chance to bend down to the box, he hears a "click!" and sees a blue hand fade away as he looks down at the box. He looks back
at the monitor as the computer boots up. Miller thinks to himself. "Did _I_ just do that?" He focuses his mind on a pencil on his desk.
A blue ghostly hand appears, grabbing the pencil and lifting it into the air. The hand starts to attempt to twirl the pencil in its fingers,
but it ends up sending it falling to floor. Miller jumps a little, and starts to connect to Cliff. "You need come in here now. I want to 
see if you can do something." 

Cliff, in the living room, senses Miller calling out to him. He rushes into the room and sees Miller looking at him. Miller, for the first
time in a while, speaks aloud. "Try lifting that pencil with your mind." Cliff looks at him confused, but he tries anyway. As Cliff focuses
his mind, a green hand appears near the pencil. It struggles to pick up the pencil, but it eventually lifts up and onto the desk. As the hand
disappears, Cliff looks Miller in the eyes. Miller stands up and hugs Cliff. Cliff is a little surpised, but wraps his arms around Miller.

--- 

It's Thursday, which means it's swim meet. Miller starts to pick out swimming trunks and a towel, while Cliff gets his speedo and a towel. 
As it's fall, the team now meets in the community center. Miller and Cliff split off from the group in the locker room. As they get changed,
Miller starts to ask: "Have you experimented with that stuff anymore?" 

Cliff shakes his head. "No, have you?"

Miller grins. "Yes, quite a bit. Want to see some cool tricks?"

Cliff laughs. "Sure."

With a smile, Miller sticks his hands up in the air. Two ghostly blue hands appear, grab the bottom of the shirt, and pull it off. 

Cliff goes deadpan. "That's what you've been practicing?"

Miller frowns. "No, of course not. That's just a party trick." 

Cliff raises an eyebrow. "A party trick?"

Miller grins. "I've really trained my mind." Miller crosses his legs as the two hands move down to lift him up - he starts to float.
He winces as it goes higher.

Cliff is dumbfounded. "So you can fly?" 

The hands set Miller back down on the bench. "Not very far, but yes." 

Cliff responds, "I should learn to do that!"

Miller scratches his head. "It's still hard, although not as hard as just lifting someone."

Cliff laughs. "Well you can't just lift yourself, so I don't think the difficulty matters too much." 
Cliff takes off his necklace and puts it in his bag, and gets changed. Cliff asks "Are you going to leave that thing on?"

Miller responds: "Well, yeah. It looks good, don't you think?"

Cliff sighs. "I guess so. It will end up slowing you down in the water though."

Miller removes his bottoms as the blue hands wander into his bag and pulls out his swimming trunks. Miller grabs the trunks from the blue hands, and slips them on.
The hands take all the clothes on the floor and slips them into the bag, then fade away.

Cliff comments "It's like a second person, isn't it?" 

Miller smirks. "I think it can end up being more than that."

As Miller and Cliff rejoin with the group, they get into the water. It's still as ice cold as ever, and they start swimming. After months of
training, Miller is swimming in step with the rest of the team. They swim a few laps, discuss, and go home. 

---

The next morning, as Miller and Cliff wake up, Miller immediately gets ready. He puts his ring and necklace on, and the blue hands appear. 
Miller walks over to the closet, he spots the clothes he wants and lets the hands grab them, as they fly off to the bathroom. Miller grabs
underwear and socks and puts them on, and walks into the bathroom. Cliff gets out of bed, makes it, and grabs underwear and socks and puts 
them on. He heads over to the open closet and takes out some clothes and puts them on. As Miller walks into the bathroom, the hands give 
him a hairtie. He ties up his hair, and puts on his clothes. He then does a morning routine, and dismisses the hands. 

After class, Miller and Cliff both go to the gym. In the locker room, Miller pulls out the hands again as he takes his clothes off and
puts gym clothes on. Cliff rolls his eyes. "I feel like you're just showing off now." Miller shakes his head. "It's real useful! I don't
know why you haven't tried using them at all." Cliff sighs, and focuses his mind. A faint green hand appears, and it starts to lift up 
Cliff's bag. It's slow, but it manages to lift the bag. "Maybe that's why? It doesn't seem to work well for me." 

Miller shakes his head. "Well, we're at a gym. I trained it quickly, so I think it's faster than normal strength training."  

As they go out to the gym, they work on body and mind. As Miller works on making his body stronger, Cliff focuses on mind. Cliff starts with lifting
small weights, as the green hand strengthens. As he focuses more, he is able to produce a second hand, and is able to start lifting heavier weights.
Cliff comments "You're right, it's much faster than working on your body." Miller smiles, and continues to work out.

After they finish working out, they go back into the locker room. While Miller uses his blue hands to help himself, Cliff mainly uses his body, using
his green hands to bring things to him and put things away.

---

As the day winds down, and after Miller and Cliff finish their shower, they lie down in bed. They give a passionate kiss and hug, and turn away to go to sleep.

> authors note: the necklace stays ON during sex
